---
layout: post
title:  "Claire"
date:   2015-09-23 18:13:23
categories: jekyll update
---
So creating User Stories isn’t that foreign to someone who’s worked in advertising (albeit print advertising) for years. It’s also something that I’m accustomed to as a writer of stories and screenplays. After all, when you boil it down, you’re really just creating a character. If one of your goals in fiction is to create characters with whom readers or viewers can relate to, empathize with, or root for/against, then you’re drawing upon experiences and observations. This is essentially the same way you create a “user”. One of the most enjoyable parts of crafting a persona also happens to coincide with crafting interesting characters: confounding stereotypes and assumptions. I recently created a user for a recent UX development project that fit that description, but was actually an amalgam of several women I know. Her name is Claire.

Claire is an older woman; 57 to be exact. She works part-time as a librarian, lives in a part of town that at one time functioned as the suburbs. Now it’s the neighborhood of older, retired people or new families who are remodeling the post-war houses or tearing them down entirely. She has a husband, who retired from his desk job but also works, part-time as a woodworker, and they have a son who’s in college. They’re far from wealthy but have invested wisely and own their 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom house outright. Claire has never stopped craving knowledge, and embarked on an extensive genealogy project with her sister. During the course of charting their family tree, they discovered distant cousins living in Italy. Upon further research, they were able to contact them and established an online correspondence, using Google Translation to decipher the emails of their Italian relatives and translate their own. After months of communication, an offer to come and visit was extended to Claire and her sister. Once they immediately accepted, Claire realized her conundrum. Email correspondence was effective with a method to translate text but how where they going to handle speech?

This is what leads to Claire’s case study. As a new user to Duolingo.com, Claire has characteristics of many that share her demographic, but she’s also a sophisticated internet user. Years as a librarian have trained her for web-based research. She certainly won’t be intimidated by the site, but there may be some details that could be refined or tweaked to make her experience much more accessible and enjoyable. The first of these is a way to investigate what is covered within each lesson. This can possibly be achieved with drop-down text which is triggered by a hover state or by clicking on the actual lesson icon. As Claire is probably comfortable with more text than the average internet user, an abundance of words could actually prove to be a positive. Another is the ability to learn more than one language at a time. She’s obviously an avid learner, perhaps she’d welcome the opportunity to sample other languages while she focuses on her primary selection. Finally, a method in which to print hard copies of her lessons. As someone comfortable with the printed word and a contentious student, Claire would probably appreciate study notes.