---
layout: post
title:  "Hacked"
date:   2015-09-28 18:13:23
categories: jekyll update
---
This morning could be considered "the morning after". The previous four days have been a... well, a marathon of frustration, confusion, triumph and understanding. In other words, a hackathon. 

After teams were selected Thursday morning, we started by meeting and nailing down our concept for a web-based app. Each team consisted of one back-end developer, two front-end developers and, usually, one designer. Some had to handle the design by themselves. One of the first ideas my team came up with was so strong, it became evident that we could either bounce around others for the benefit of diligence, or we could start work.

The concept was, essentially, an online dispatcher for bicycle deliveries, intended to be used by both businesses who wanted to schedule a delivery and the couriers who would claim and post the delivery. At its core, a pretty common sense (and simple, so we thought, undertaking). 

That evening consisted of sketches, layouts, some logo ideas and a ton of research. Thankfully, what the research kept telling me was that my initial approach... that of a cold, serious, corporate design with blues and grays probably wouldn't be appropriate. Most courier services these days are keeping afloat by expanding both their roster of clients and the goods that they deliver. Just as common as medical or legal paperwork is drycleaning and catered lunch. Because of this discovery, I decided to include in my three style tiles that I was to pitch my team, two much softer, "friendlier" versions. It was one of those that was the clear concesus winner.

With the design in hand, the rest of Friday, most of Saturday, and all of Sunday consisted of coding, refining, coding, refining, fixing bugs, more refining, more coding, and a lot of technical snags. My fear of GitHub hasn't subsided, it's just been replaced by a more profound, respectful distrust. I'll work on that.

Like most projects that I've undertaken so far in these past five weeks, the end result isn't nearly as important as the lessons learned along the way. It's definitely given me an appreciation of the holistic nature of web development and altered my definition of "success". 