---
layout: post
title:  "Iron Yard kickoff"
date:   2015-09-02 18:13:23
categories: jekyll update
---
The end of August marked the beginning of a new challenge and, hopefully, by the time the leaves have begun falling from the trees, I will have successfully redirected the course of my professional life. Like a growing percentage of American workers, I’ve joined the ranks of the bootcamp scholars. For twelve long, arduous weeks, I’ll be cramming new, complex information into every possible recess of my brain at the Iron Yard in Austin, Texas. They call it User Interface Design. I call it a staircase up out of the 20th Century.

The decision to enroll in a coding bootcamp was as inevitable as it was fortuitous. For nearly 30 years, I’ve worked in or around print graphic design. I’ve waxed photographic paper fresh from a phototypesetting machine, I’ve spent entire days in the stat room, breathing toxic, lung-withering chemicals, I’ve spent hours faking it with Pagemaker and Quark Xpress and InDesign long enough to have mastered each (in separate decades). But not only are the days of cutting Rubylith over, the days of print have grown scant. I needed to expand and upgrade my skill set to a medium with a future.

So I’m taking the plunge. Fortunately for me, it happens to be a plunge still be somewhat close to the shallow end, as the Iron Yard campus is a mere 10-minute drive from my front porch, and the schedule, while demanding, offers the flexibility I need to attend to my course work while still fulfilling my responsibilities as a parent and a husband. I can’t say if I would’ve made this decision earlier in my life, at a time when I had a multitude of options. It’s entirely possible that only the recurring nightmare of working the counter of a Sir Speedy on a busy Friday afternoon provided me with the motivation. Whatever it was, the timing feels right.