---
layout: post
title:  "Of Pens, Paper and Process"
date:   2015-09-29 18:13:23
categories: jekyll update
---
The key to keeping the user front and center in the design process of a website or an app is constant testing and gathering feedback. A quick, lowdown and gloriously lo-fi way to do this is with paper prototypes. Paper prototypes are fun in the way that making homemade flip-up books are fun (yes, this is something I actually did as a child. I can’t remember if it was a school project or something I just wanted to do.) There’s also some similarity in how the reader/user interacts with the paper device. We’ve become jaded with the bells and whistles that can appear on a glowing screen. When something is going to happen in black ink on white paper, there’s a kind of atavistic magic that transpires.

That’s not to say everything works. In fact, that’s entirely the point. It’s at this stage where you learn how and why fundamental xx of your process aren’t working. Often you find this out as you find out flaws in your prototypes themselves. Throughout our Iron Yard prototyping project during class, it became clear that assumptions that we had made about the user flow were impossible for an actual user to comprehend. All the information they had was what was hastily scribbled in front of them on a blank piece of white paper. And therein lies the beauty of the paper prototype. It’s all function, no design. 

While we may be designers, if we fail to remember that every aesthetic design must be made with an end result in mind, what we’ll be making is mere wallpaper. I have a feeling paper prototypes will be a primary part of my personal design process from here on out.