# Personas/User Stories

Dennis is a 39-year-old business executive. He’s married, has two children and uses the computer primarily for his job, less for entertainment. As he tends to work long hours, he’s an infrequent social media user, with a Facebook profile but very little activity. While he will utilize online resources for news and information-gathering, his first impulse is still printed material, such as newspapers, magazines, or books. As he’s in a position of management within his company, Dennis feels a responsibility to make decisions with expedition but also with authority. 

Jennifer is a 25-year-old physical therapist. She’s single but has two dogs and a cat and is an extremely engaged social media user, with active accounts in most social networks. As she enjoys a variety of outdoor recreational activities, she’s constantly on the go and her primary link to the internet is her iPhone 6. She uses it constantly, from trail-mapping with GPS coordinates to checking voicemails to taking photos of her adventures and posting them to her Instagram account. She’s very conscious of her online presence, tending to “curate” her persona.

Claire is 57. She works part-time as a librarian and has a husband and one college-aged child. Because of her profession, she’s adept at the internet, with a working knowledge of LexisNexis and RSS feeds, and takes particular umbrage at attempts to condescend to her because of her age or gender. In her spare time, Claire pours over eBay and other auction sites, searching for additions to her growing postal stationary collection. She’s also started a blog detailing her life and a genealogy project she’s undertaken with her sister.

# Scenarios

Dennis and his team recently landed a new account in Munich. It’s a large manufacturing concern and his first overseas meeting is in two weeks. Because of the importance of the account and Dennis’s standing as an executive, it’s imperative that he become at least moderately fluent in German by then. On a lunch break, he heads down to the closest book store and browses the foreign languages section, finding not just books but DVDs and software. He asks the advice of an employee who directs him to a $500 software package that includes a subscription for an online account and web access. When Dennis balks at the price, the employee discreetly suggests a purely web-based app.

Jennifer and two of her girlfriends are planning a 2-week vacation in Tulum for next March. Because of her sense of independence and love of adventure, she doesn’t just want to rely on common “tourist” phrases, she actually wants to learn conversational Spanish before the trip. While compiling a list of destinations with her travel partners by searching through travel websites, Jennifer checks lifehacker.com for a list of the 5 best language learning tools.

In the course of researching their family tree, Claire and her sister tracked their genealogy back to Italy. Deciding to take the project one step further, they contacted distant cousins in Milan and started an online correspondence. Eventually, they were invited to visit. They immediately accepted, not wishing to pass up an opportunity to meet family from the “old country” and be able to explore the Milanese countryside. Now, knowing that they can no longer rely on Google Translation in their correspondence, Claire desperately wants to learn some Italian to make communication with her cousins easier before they arrive. After a brief Google search of “language learning website”, Claire finds a list of promising results.

# Use Cases

Dennis takes the advice of the bookstore employee and types the URL: Duolingo.com into Chrome. Desiring an expeditious experience, he bypasses the “Get started” button and immediately clicks the Login button, expecting a prompt to create an account. He signs in with his Facebook account and is taken to the list of languages available to learn. He clicks the German icon which directs him to the tour page with Duo the owl. He skips the tour and is directed to the “Create a profile” page. He quickly enters his email address, user name, and password and starts learning at Basics 1.

After a glowing review on lifehacker.com, Jennifer clicks on the embedded link. Greeted by the green “Get started” button, she clicks it. She then clicks the Spanish icon which directs her to the tour page with Duo the owl. She clicks on the “Start tour” button and proceeds to take the initial tour of the application, getting feedback and praise from the cartoon owl. After completion of a brief lesson, Jennifer lands on the “Create a profile” page. She enters her information and selects Basics 1.

Claire navigates to Duolingo.com by clicking on the topmost result from her Google search. She clicks the “Get started” button, clicks the Italian icon and clicks through the tour. Once on the “Create a profile” page, she enters her information and contemplates her choice between “Basics 1” and “Placement test”. After months of correspondence, she feels that she does have some comprehension of the Italian language, so she decides to take the test. After 7 questions that she gets partially correct, she quits the test and is returned to the “Choose your path” page, where she selects Basics 1. 

# Possible Items to Test/Optimize

Dennis: As a user who wanted the speediest process possible, the Login button worked, but for a less savvy user it may prove confusing. Maybe test out a button that reads “Login/Create Account”. In that same vein, it also may be useful to test out additional “skip” buttons to get past introductory materials. Also, a more accessible “Help” link.

Jennifer: a prompt to compete with her Facebook friends right from the “Create a profile” page to encourage her to not only log in with Facebook but share content on her profile. Also a reminder somewhere (maybe her profile page) to download the mobile app for her iPhone, right now it’s buried down at the bottom of the page. Possibly a way to share her progress on multiple social networks, either through a pre-composed tweet or Facebook post.

Claire: Definitely the ability to learn more than one language at a time (or at least sample another language while engaged in lessons in another). Also, maybe a rundown of what is covered in each of the lessons right from the “Create a profile” page in some kind of drop down text. Possibly a method in which to print hard copies of lessons.